


2.4 How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

I guess you can be sure to run 'git diff' before committing, to double check exactly what has
been updated. You could even make an effort to stage a change as soon as you are ready to
move on to the next one.



2.5 What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

first thing that comes to mind is trying out experiments, re-arrangements of code, etc. I can also see it working well if more than one person is working on the code-- different branched can be combined later hopefully. The merging seems like the hard part to me.



2.6 How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The directional arrows toward parents of commits help make the traversal of the log clear, and show any commits that are inaccessible. Also they show the various branches very clearly so it's easy to see what splits where.



2.7 What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Merging 2 branches creates a new commit that incorporated (or tries to incorporate) all the changes made in each branch being merged since since the commit where the diverged. The diagram shows the parental links between different commits as kind of nodes on a tree. When branches are merged, we draw the tree branches coming back together at a single node or commit.



2.8 What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

If the changes in two branches were generally to separate parts of the code, the auto merge is super easy and clean. One con would be the difficulty in merging branches which have changes to the same parts of the code. Doing a manual merge might give similar results as a partially manual auto merge, since results have to be worked over my programmers anyway.
I can see this method effecting the habits by which people code in the first place-- making them very aware of potential merging issues from the outset, and maybe even making them wary of changing parts of code that could create merge confilicts. For example, if you just stumble across a small problem somewhere in the code that you want to quickly tweak on the fly, even though it's not the piece you set out to work on for this branch, you may just leave it be so it doesn't complicate the merge process. Maybe this is good generally, but sometimes I work kind of on the fly and want to tweak at will... this may force a better discipline...